[docs] Isolation level intro (#20150)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/transactions/isolation-levels.md

| :------------------- | :------------------------ | :--------- | :------------------ | :----------- | :-------------------- |
| Read uncommitted | Read Committed {{<badge/tp>}} | Allowed, but not in YSQL |  Possible | Possible | Possible |
| Read committed   | Read Committed {{<badge/tp>}} | Not possible | Possible     | Possible | Possible |
| Repeatable read  | Snapshot                      | Not possible | Not possible | Allowed, but not in YSQL | Possible |
| Serializable     | Serializable                  | Not possible | Not possible | Not possible | Not possible |

The strictest isolation level is Serializable, which requires that any concurrent execution of a set of Serializable transactions is guaranteed to produce the same effect as running them in some serial order (one transaction at a time).

The other levels are defined by which anomalies (none of which are possible with serializable) must not occur as a result of interactions between concurrent transactions.

The transaction anomalies are as follows:

- Dirty read: A transaction reads data written by a concurrent uncommitted transaction.

> - Non-repeatable read: A transaction rereads data it has previously read and finds that data has been modified by another transaction committed after the initial read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Non-repeatable read: A transaction re-reads data it has previously read and finds that data has been modified by another transaction committed after the initial read.
```

> - Non-repeatable read: A transaction rereads data it has previously read and finds that data has been modified by another transaction committed after the initial read.

Reviewer 2: it has previously read -> it has previously fetched
(because what was read but discarded by filters may change and this is accepted in repeatable reads)
